[DEBUG-5719] Add Debug with Bits page to Live Debugger docs (#37067)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/live_debugger/_index.md

1. Use the built-in [sensitive data scrubbing][1] mechanisms.
2. Use [Sensitive Data Scanner][17] to identify and redact sensitive information based on regular expressions.

### Debug with Bits

> Instead of creating and managing logpoints manually, you can investigate running services through a conversational interface. With [Debug with Bits][23], you describe what you want to investigate, and Bits Code places logpoints, retrieves variable snapshots, and helps interpret the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Debug with Bits][23] lets you investigate a running service by describing the issue in plain language. Bits Code handles logpoint placement, captures variable snapshots, and helps interpret the results.
```

> Instead of creating and managing logpoints manually, you can investigate running services through a conversational interface. With [Debug with Bits][23], you describe what you want to investigate, and Bits AI Dev Agent places logpoints, retrieves variable snapshots, and helps interpret the results.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instead of creating and managing logpoints manually, you can investigate running services through a conversational interface. With [Debug with Bits][23], you describe what you want to investigate, and Bits Code places logpoints, retrieves variable snapshots, and helps interpret the results.
```
